PR new setup (#212)
icecube/graphnet: README.md

[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

![Supported python versions](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.7%20%7C%203.8%20%7C%203.9%20%7C%203.10-blue)

## :gear:  Install

We recommend installing `graphnet` in a separate environment, e.g. using Anaconda (see details on installation [here](https://www.anaconda.com/products/individual)) or python virtual environment. The fastest way to get up and running is to install the package as shown below, specifying the python version and ensuring that the gcc compilers are up to date:
```bash
$ git clone git@github.com:<your-username>/graphnet.git
$ cd graphnet
$ conda create --name graphnet python=3.8 gcc_linux-64 gxx_linux-64 libgcc -y
$ conda activate graphnet
(graphnet) $ pip install -r requirements/torch_[gpu/cpu].txt -e .[develop,torch]
```

> This should allow you to e.g. run the scripts in [examples/](./examples/) out of the box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This should allow you to e.g. run the scripts in [examples/](./examples/) out of the box. Here, we have installed recent C++ compilers using conda (`gcc_linux-64 gxx_linux-64 libgcc`), but if your system already have recent versions (`$gcc --version` should be > 5, at least) you should be able to omit these from the setup.
```

> ### :gear: Database creation and Installation on IceTray

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Installing with IceTray
```

> Within the IceTray enviroment, the Graphnet module is used to create SQL databases from I3 files, using the provided 'convert_i3_to_sqlite.py' script. The recommended set up is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some instances, you might want `graphnet` to be able to interface with IceTray, e.g., when converting I3 files to an intermediate file format for training GNN models(e.g., SQLite or parquet), as shown in the [examples/convert_i3_to_sqlite.py](examples/convert_i3_to_sqlite.py) script, or when running GNN inference as part of an IceTray chain. In these cases, you need to install `graphnet` in a python runtime that has IceTray installed.

To achieve this, we recommend running the following commands in a clean bash shell:

> ```bash
> $ cd graphnet
> $ nano cvmfs.sh
> ```
> 
> Within the 'cvmfs.sh' copy the following and press 'ctrl+X'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```bash

> eval `/cvmfs/icecube.opensciencegrid.org/py3-v4.1.0/setup.sh`
> /cvmfs/icecube.opensciencegrid.org/py3-v4.1.0/RHEL_7_x86_64/metaprojects/combo/stable/env-shell.sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ eval `/cvmfs/icecube.opensciencegrid.org/py3-v4.1.0/setup.sh`
$ /cvmfs/icecube.opensciencegrid.org/py3-v4.1.0/RHEL_7_x86_64/metaprojects/combo/stable/env-shell.sh
```

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, you can alias these commands or save them as a bash script for convenience, as you will have to run these commands every time you want to use IceTray (with `graphnet`) in a clean shell.

```

> Next, launch it and install the Graphnet module at a user level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the IceTray environment active, you can now install `graphnet` at a user level. In the example below, we are installing a light-weight version of `graphnet` without the `torch` extras, i.e., without the machine learning packages (pytorch and pytorch-geometric). This is useful when you just want to convert data from I3 files to, e.g., SQLite, and won't be running inference on I3 files later on. In this case, you don't need to specify a requirements file, compared to the example below.
```

```bash
$ source cvmfs.sh
$ conda create --name graphnet_icetray
$ conda activate graphnet_icetray
$ pip install --user -e .[develop]
```

> This should allow you to run 'convert_i3_to_sqlite.py' in [examples/](./examples/) with your preferred I3 files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This should allow you to run the [examples/convert_i3_to_sqlite.py](examples/convert_i3_to_sqlite.py) script with your preferred I3 files.
```
